---
bibliography:
- '../references.bib'
---

Project Name
============

Making a “Résumé for Gig Workers”

Description
===========

Gig workers are increasingly piecing together earnings from various work
platforms to make ends meet. But insight into their work performance and
history are virtually nonexistent. Requesters — the people that hire
workers — increasingly struggle with existing qualifications and
credentials services, which lack sufficient detail about worker quality,
driving them to undervalue workers. Requesters don’t get the information
they need to make confident, informed decisions, and as a result they’re
reluctant to trust gig workers to pay for creative, complex work.

This summer we’ll be building a *gig worker résumé* service, an online
system that aggregates workers’ histories, provides analytics on their
performance over time, and helps requesters find high–quality workers.
You’ll play a major part in designing and implementing this system,
involving web scraping, some statistical analysis, data visualization,
and potentially more. You’ll also have the opportunity to study how
people use the system, using a mix of qualitative and quantitative
analysis, to inform our next steps.

Recommended Background {#sec:RecommendedBackground}
======================

Ideally, you have experience in Human–Computer Interaction (think CS
147, 247). Much of the day–to–day work will involve programming for the
web (think CS 142), so regardless of your research goals you should be
able to code (and be reasonably competent with existing libraries,
frameworks, and APIs).

It might be worth pointing out that I don’t expect you to be an expert
in these things right now. You should be competent enough to start
working on day 1, but this is a chance to hone your skills and maybe
learn something completely new.

If your background doesn’t fit with anything above, please tell us the
most ambitious thing you’ve undertaken, academic or not! (Hard work can
overcome lack of preparation!)

Number of students allowed
==========================

2

Prerequisite/Preparation
========================

If you feel unprepared in any of the areas listed under the “” section,
then your preparation between now and the start of the program will be
to try to fill in gaps. If you want, we can discuss this further and
start to prepare for your time through spring quarter.
